I will write recipes here. If you make them, venmo me $10. Support small businesses. 

1. Potato leek soup- classic french staple. Bake potatoes, sauté leeks, add spices (Thyme? Lemongrass? Mint?). Puree, add water, salt.
2. Spinach soup- sautee spinach, fry onions garlic and walnuts in butter. Blend the lot, then bring milk in a pan to warm and add a bit of flour, stir and mix in the blend. Salt.
3. Cauliflower tomato soup- Massage olive oil into a cauliflower. Throw it into the oven at 400 with some onions, garlic and tomatoes. Blend the lot after an hour, add water, salt, oregano?
4. Curry Ramen- borrowed recipe from guy on internet. Use yakisoba noodles to make easier. Boil carrots, cabbage, cauliflower, babycorn, peas in salt, turmeric, red chili powder. Saute onions, peppers and keep aside. Add cumin, coriander (cilantro) seed powder, coconut milk, jamaican allspice? (or any savory sweet spice to take the edge off), ginger garlic paste, and mix in peppers and onions. Garnish with spring onions, habanero, cilantro and charge eater $25.
5. Grilled cheese- I have found that Cheddar and Romano with cut hot peppers make a great grilled cheese. The bread I get from Whole Foods sometimes lets the cheese melt into the bread- which is probably also an artifact of my panini press
6. za and pasta- I have a unique take on pizza. I use pita bread from my local north african / middle eastern shop (whole wheat) as a base. When super old (think forgotten in fridge) and tossed in the oven at 400, it crisps, almost like pita chips- which when combined with a mean moz de buf, is an irresistable combo. I usually use the cauliflower tomato soup with an extra can of tomato paste as the base- to add flavor and thickness. I could add some vinegar. Moz de buf (Mozarella di buffala) is key. I also use the same soup as a pasta sauce (you might be thinking I'm cheap or artless. In fact, I might be both). I haven't successfully oven baked a pasta, but if the boys play well, I might.
