Inspiring internet memes
0. "When she (M.S. Subbalaxmi) sang his composition `Brochevarevarura' in Khamas, eminent musician Mysore Vasudevachar said, "The daughter had only black beads and glass bangles when she got married. I feel like her father when she visits him now in a dazzle of jewel and silks." (From the article The MS Phenomenon by Gowri Ramnarayan) [link](https://tamilnation.org/hundredtamils/mssubbulakshmi.htm)

1. Author Jon Cohen noted, "Jonas Salk made scientists and journalists alike go goofy. As one of the only living scientists whose face was known the world over, Salk, in the public's eye, had a superstar aura. Airplane pilots would announce that he was on board, and passengers would burst into applause. Hotels routinely would upgrade him into their penthouse suites. A meal at a restaurant inevitably meant an interruption from an admirer. Scientists and journalists who regularly dealt with Salk would come to see him in more human terms, but many still initially approached him with the same drop-jawed wonder, as though some of the stardust might rub off."[45](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jonas_Salk)
1. Frederick Sanger, winner of 2 Nobels. From Wikipedia, 'As noted in his obituary, he had described himself as "just a chap who messed about in a lab", and "academically not brilliant".'
2. “Reyna's high level of play has earned him the nickname "The American Dream" by former teammate Erling Haaland.”
3. Regarded as one of the best players never to have played at the World Cup, Scott Murray in The Guardian refers to Weah as "hamstrung by hailing from a global minnow".
4. Vince Lombardi: "Among professional football head coaches, in the midst of the civil rights movement, Lombardi's anti-discrimination views were unusual"
5. "a Hill-Billie is a free and untrammeled white citizen of Alabama, who lives in the hills, has no means to speak of, dresses as he can, talks as he pleases, drinks whiskey when he gets it, and fires off his revolver as the fancy takes him" (Taken from the definiotion of hillbilly on wikipedia)
6. "Critics believe that several of his most popular songs are closely based on popular songs from other countries" [link](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rajesh_Roshan)
7. "Their advisors were not interested in the experiment when Huberman and Riggs proposed it, and the students continued the work on their own. Using their method, they were able to measure the rate of DNA replication. The results indicated that chromosomal DNA contained many sections, which replicated independently, and that replication occurred in both directions at each section's origin. The results were important and helped to extend scientists' understanding of mammalian DNA replication. Herschel Mitchell and Giuseppe Attardi, their advisors, felt that the papers should be published under Huberman and Riggs' names, without their advisors', because they had done the work independently" [Arthur Riggs (geneticist)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Arthur_Riggs_(geneticist))
8. In an interview at Caltech, Benzer also remembered receiving a microscope for his 13th birthday, “and that opened up the whole world. [His wiki page]
9. Pedro II inherited an empire on the verge of disintegration, but he turned Brazil into an emerging power in the international arena. The nation grew to be distinguished from its Hispanic neighbors on account of its political stability, zealously guarded freedom of speech, respect for civil rights, vibrant economic growth, and form of government—a functional representative parliamentary monarchy. Brazil was also victorious in the Platine War, the Uruguayan War, and the Paraguayan War, as well as prevailing in several other international disputes and domestic tensions. Pedro II steadfastly pushed through the abolition of slavery despite opposition from powerful political and economic interests. A savant in his own right, the Emperor established a reputation as a vigorous sponsor of learning, culture, and the sciences, and he won the respect and admiration of people such as Charles Darwin, Victor Hugo, and Friedrich Nietzsche, and was a friend to Richard Wagner, Louis Pasteur, and Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, among others [His wiki page]
10. When apparently the last eminent guest had long ago taken his place, again those three bugle-blasts rang out, and once more the swords leaped from their scabbards. Who might this late comer be? Nobody was interested to inquire. Still, indolent eyes were turned toward the distant entrance, and we saw the silken gleam and the lifted sword of a guard of honor plowing through the remote crowds. Then we saw that end of the house rising to its feet; saw it rise abreast the advancing guard all along like a wave. This supreme honor had been offered to no one before. There was an excited whisper at our table—'MOMMSEN!'—and the whole house rose. Rose and shouted and stamped and clapped and banged the beer mugs. Just simply a storm!

Then the little man with his long hair and Emersonian face edged his way past us and took his seat. I could have touched him with my hand—Mommsen!—think of it! ... I would have walked a great many miles to get a sight of him, and here he was, without trouble or tramp or cost of any kind. Here he was clothed in a titanic deceptive modesty which made him look like other men.[26] - Theodor Mommsen

11. F.A.B.'s community activism and philanthropic efforts have been highly visible throughout the years. Most notably, he hosts and organizes annual Thanksgiving turkey giveaways, backpack and school supply drives, holiday toys event and various charitable events benefiting Cancer and Domestic Violence. In August 2013, Mistah F.A.B. was named one of "10 Great Rappers With Great Charities" by Green Label a Mountain Dew Venture.[12] In 2014, Mistah F.A.B. was recognized by Oakland Mayor Jean Quan, who declared Saturday, February 8, 2014 "Stanley Cox aka Mistah F.A.B. Day" in recognition of the multi-talented hometown hero's efforts to give back to the community.[13] (source)[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mistah_F.A.B.]
12. Mohammed Siraj (born 13 March 1994) is an Indian international cricketer who plays for the Indian national cricket team as a Right-arm fast medium bowler. He plays for Royal Challengers Bangalore in the Indian Premier League and Hyderabad in domestic cricket. As of April 2023, Siraj is currently ranked World No. 3 in the ICC men's ODI bowlers rankings. Siraj was born on 13 March 1994 in Hyderabad. His father was an Auto-rickshaw driver, and his mother worked in other people's houses.[4]
13. Baker takes a little milk and sugar with some of the coffee, then drinks a few dozen straight for variety.

(source)[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mohammed_Siraj]

14.Mella Thirandhathu Kadhavu was released on 12 September 1986.[12] Jayamanmadhan of Kalki criticised the film for feeling like two distinct stories divided by an interval.[13] The film initially opened to average response but later picked up in coming weeks.[14][5] When the film was released in Cinepriya Theatre, Madurai, a distributor released the film by reversing the two-halves of the film which enjoyed positive reception.[15] Later all over Tamil Nadu the film was filmed by changing the two-halves of the film which shows Amala story in first half and Radha story in second half. The response prompted the producers to apply re-censorship for the film.[16] 

{source}[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mella_Thirandhathu_Kadhavu]